You boy wait for me
Ladies and gentlemen, we are excited today
From all over the world
It's all about witnessing a big event together
That is to level Beijing
Lord Commander of Wang Ting
The identity will be officially announced today
Lord King's Landing's life is full of legends
There was once a saying that described him very well
That is to be born to protect Kyushu
Die as a ghost
Yet such a hero
He was rarely seen during his lifetime
Until today
His body was buried in Beijing
Three years later.
There are still large numbers of people
Don't know the face of their patron saint
Such treatment
It's not fair to a hero
So today
My Chu family is entrusted by the king
Brain for King's Landing
Host a small appearance ceremony
Let the world witness the true face of Lord King's Landing
Here is a photo of Lord King's Landing
Lord King's Landing has always been my idol
I grew up listening to his legends
The story grew up
But sadly I've never met a real person either
Heroes should not be nameless
Today we will let the truth come out to the world
And so forth.
I personally
What!
How is he?